doc: add minutes for meeting 18 July 2023 (#570)
nodejs/package-maintenance: meetings/2023-07-18.md

# Node.js  Package Maintenance Team Meeting 2023-07-18

## Links

* **Recording**:  <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l-m2NA2_KS0>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/package-maintenance/issues/568>

## Present

* Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)
* Ruy Adorno (@ruyadorno)
* Luke Holmquist(@lholmquist)
* Ethan Arrowood (@Ethan-Arrowood)
* Darcy Clarke (@darcyclarke)

## Agenda

## Announcements

*Extracted from **package-maintenance-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### nodejs/package-maintenance

* Goals for 2023 [#550](https://github.com/nodejs/package-maintenance/issues/550)
  * have issues to cover work for the goals, PR includes issues for all of them to track
    work going forward.

* Create doc on how to support ESM and CommonJS when publishing modules [#542](https://github.com/nodejs/package-maintenance/issues/542)

>   * Next action is for <ljharb@gmail.comto> write up some suggestions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Next action is for @ljharb to write up some suggestions.
```
